Fill out more archetype docs: image, tensor, depth image, segmentation image (#2474)
rerun-io/rerun: docs/content/reference/data_types/annotation_context.md

title: AnnotationContext
order: 50
---

> Annotation Context are metadata providing information to the Rerun viewer on how to interpret and display other entities. Currently, two types of annotations are supported:
> 
> - Labels and/or colors for [segmentation images](segmentation_image.md) classes. These are mapped to the pixel value of the segmentation image.
> - Labels, colors, and/or connections for [Point2D](point2d.md) and [Point3D](point3d.md) entities. These are mapped to the point entities via their `keypoint_id` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotation Context are metadata providing information to the Rerun viewer on how to interpret and display other entities. Currently, three types of annotations are supported:

- Labels and/or colors for [Rect2D](rect2d.md) and [Box3D](box3d.md) entities. These are mapped to the rectangle and box entites via their `class_id` components.
- Labels and/or colors for [segmentation images](segmentation_image.md). These are mapped to the images' pixel values, which are interpreted as `class_id`s.
- Labels, colors, and/or connections for [Point2D](point2d.md) and [Point3D](point3d.md) entities. These are mapped to the point entities via their `class_id` and `keypoint_id` components.
```

See the [Annotation Context](../../concepts/annotation-context.md) concept page for more information. 

## Components and APIs
Primary component: `annotation_context`

Python APIs: [log_annotation_context](https://ref.rerun.io/docs/python/latest/common/annotations/#rerun.log_annotation_context)

Rust API: [AnnotationContext](https://docs.rs/rerun/latest/rerun/components/struct.AnnotationContext.html)

> 

Reviewer: Should probably have an example for an object detection here

title: AnnotationContext
order: 50
---

> Annotation Context are metadata providing information to the Rerun viewer on how to interpret and display other entities. Currently, three types of annotations are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotation Contexts are metadata providing information to the Rerun viewer on how to interpret and display other entities. Currently, three types of annotations are supported:
```
